People tell me there is plenty of fish in the sea , well that is nice and all but I am human , I dont date fish .
Love doesn't pay bills , unless you're a prostitute .
Sometimes on Facebook , I feel like I'm just talking to a wall .
If I hear another pancake joke I'm gonna flip .
If you need space , work at NASA .
I don't have an attitude , I have a personality you can't handle .
I am sitting here looking at the most amazing person I have ever seen , smart , funny , caring , and absolutely stunning ! Yes , I am looking in the mirror !
Women are good for 70 things , sandwiches and 69 .
Let me ruin your life , let me break your heart, then I'll ask you why we can't be friends . Let me rip your world into little pieces , let me destroy who you thought you were , and then I'll ask if we can be friends .
I'm not single , I just wait for my girlfriend to quit playing hide and seek .
When I said I'd hit that I meant with my car .
I'd kick you in the vagina but I don't wanna lose my shoe .
I'm as bored as a slut on her period .
Thank you for hurting me ...
I'm jealous of my parents , I'll never have a kid as cool as theirs .
Oh, I'm sorry . I didn't realize you were an expert on my life and how I should live it . Please continue while I take notes .
Why do porn sites have a Share to Facebook button ? Who watches porn and thinks , You know who'd really enjoy this? My family and friends .
I swear , if Facebook changes their layout one more time , I'm going to post a status update about it & then use their site as much as always .
When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas !
When the 'M' of MTV was for music & not for maternity ... Those were the days .
I remember there was this thing I used to do at night . I think it was called sleep .
I'm nice to the weird kid , so he'll spare my life when he snaps .
Cashier : Are you buying these ? Me : No , I'm going to steal them , I just wanted to show you first .
Excuse me , miss , you've got a little bit of face on your makeup there .
All restaurants are drive-thru if you drive hard enough .
Don't you hate it when you're doing push-ups and you lose count after 1,000 ...
This year I plan to start putting off my Christmas shopping extra early .
I put so much thought into your gift it's now too late to get it .
Here's hoping Santa doesn't get killed using Apple Maps this Christmas .
I can't believe you're alone over the holidays considering how easy you are to get into bed .
May you maintain the same fake enthusiasm for the holidays as North Koreans did for Kim Jong Il .
I hope you like the gift I took partial credit for .
Pretending to believe in the Mayan apocalypse prophecy is a great way to get out of buying Christmas presents .
I'm flattered you actually think I can afford the things on your holiday wish list .
Merry Christmas to someone who'd care more about Baby Jesus if he was in Kate Middleton's uterus .
I've put a lot of thought into asking Siri what to get you for Christmas .
Buying me a Christmas gift on Cyber Monday is a great way to ensure I'll have sex with you until Christmas .
My sex life is like a Ferrari ... I don't have a Ferrari .
I hate being in jail ... I mean , school ...
Life is too short to waste time on matching socks .
Stop waiting for Prince Charming . Get up and find him . The poor idiot may be stuck in a tree or something .
Sorry I offended you when I called you a bitch . I had no idea you thought it was a secret .
I hate it when skinny people say they ain't skinny enough .
Shit I hate when skinny people complain how fat they are .
Oh, I'm sorry! I thought slut was your costume ...
I'm so talented . I can listen to music and ignore you at the same time .
You don't like when I get jealous , so you must wanting me to stopping caring about us ?
I'm not saying my ex-girlfriend is a slut I am just saying if everyone's cock had wings she'd be a airport .
Clearly , I am no match for your level of ignorance .
As I was filling up my gas tank I realized I didn't want to eat this week anyways .
Another day at work ... I'm having as much fun as a colorblind person playing twister .	
Sorry , I'm not tall enough to ride your emotional roller-coaster .
If a red head guy works at a bakery , does that make him a ginger bread man ?
I hate people who say Age is just a number ... Age is clearly a word .
Oh you're talking to me , I thought you only spoke behind my back !
9/11 jokes aren't funny , they're just plane wrong .
Cripple jokes are so mean , I can't stand them !
Yes dad , Every guy I know is my boyfriend ...
Saying Wow , You're cool . when you see someone doing something stupid .
Thank God It's Monday ! said no one ever ...
Could you please push your seat back more , I really hate leg room .
So I'm invisible to you now ? Ok that's cool , I've always wanted a superpower .
Oh you wear sunglasses inside ? It must be sunny on planet cool .
Oh I'm sorry , did the middle of my sentence interupt the start of yours ?
You know you're awesome when people you don't even know hate you .
Oh . So you chose a hoe for the night over the love of your life ? Good choice .
You hate your life ? Go post on Facebook about it , that'll help .
I like rumors ! I found out so much about me that I didn't even know .
Damn , I forgot to go to the gym yesterday ! That's 10 years in a row now ...
Walmart usually uses 4 checkouts , unless it's really busy then they use 1 .
I don't really hate you , it's just that if you were on fire , I'd roast marshmallows ..
I forgot to post on Facebook that I was going to the gym ... Now this whole work-out was a waste of time .
Hmm . I'm still not very good at algebra ... I just can't figure out Y .
So you hate Facebook ? Thanks for sharing that with me ... on Facebook .
I wish I had Kim Kardashians talent of not having any talent and making money out of it .
I'm in love with you , you just want to be friends , and I'm totally cool living with that constant pain ...
I'm a few minutes late to class ? Please , stare at me like I just killed five people .
I dont hate you . I just hope your next period happens in a shark tank .
Homework Because 7 hours of school wasn't enough ...
Why were you late ? Cause the bell rang before I got here ...
Dear Job Application , if this is an entry level position , how am I supposed to have previous experience ...
Mom , Im going out . With friends ? No , with people I hate ...
I'm not arguing , I'm explaining why I'm correct .
I wasn't aware that answering my mom's question was considered talking back .
Oh you have swag ? I bet that looks great on a resume ...
Zombies are looking for brains . Don't worry . You're safe .
Ask me no questions , and I'll tell you no lies .
Dear Karma , I really hate you right now , you made your point .
I had the best day ever , I ran into my ex girlfriend and her new boyfriend ....... With my car .
Are you mad at me ? No , I'm actually happy that you broke my heart and hurt me ....
There may be no excuse for laziness , but Im still looking ...
Teacher Why didn't you do your homework ? Student Sorry , but Kanye West didn't let me finish ...
Oh , you're dating my ex ... I thought the five second rule was for food only ...
You might as well just move onto a boat because you're always fishing for compliments .
Of course I can keep a secret . Its the people I tell it to who cant .
If life is unfair to everyone , doesn't that make life fair ?
I wanted to send you something AMAZING for Christmas but the mailman told me to get out of the mailbox ...
Sometimes I need what only you can provide your absence .
Dont be humble . Youre not that great .
I feel so miserable without you , its almost like having you here .
He was happily married but his wife wasnt .
You were looking good from afar .. now youre far from looking good .
I love you is 8 letters ... so is bullshit .
If you love someone set them free . If they come back , set them on fire .
Love is like a roller coaster , when it's all over you throw up !
What did I do to give you the impression I actually care about what you think ?
You would never be able to live down to your reputation , but I see you're doing your best .
You're a habit I'd like to kick - with both feet .
What's wrong , don't you get any attention back home ?
Whatever it is that is eating you , it must be suffering horribly .
Please , keep talking . I always yawn when I am interested .
Talk is cheap , but that's ok , so are you .
I'm busy now . Can I ignore you some other time ?
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you any worse advice .
I bet you get bullied a lot ....
I like you . People say I've got no taste , but I like you .
Pardon me , but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a damn .
Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present .
Be nice to everyone on your way to the top because you pass them all on the way down .
Look , if I'd wanted a lecture on the rights of man , I'd have gone to bed with Martin Luther .
The trouble with her is that she lacks the power of conversation but not the power of speech .
I believe in luck how else can you explain the success of those you don't like ?
Mail your packages early so the Post Office can lose them in time for Christmas .
Women have a wonderful instinct about things . They can discover everything except the obvious .
Your services might be as useful as a barbershop on the steps of a guillotine .
A man's face is his autobiography . A woman's face is her work of fiction .
If you pretend to be good , the world takes you very seriously . If you pretend to be bad , it doesn't . Such is the astounding stupidity of ptimism .
I feel so miserable without you , its almost like having you here .
You grow on people , but so does cancer .
Due to circumstances within my control , tomorrow will be cancelled .
If you're one in a million , there are six thousand people exactly like you .
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win , you're still a rat .
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals ; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants .
I believe in luck how else can you explain the success of those you don't like ?
Dear Santa , what I want for Christmas is ... your list with names of naughty girls .
You are not obnoxious like so many other people , you are obnoxious in a completely different and far worse way .
You are not even beneath my contempt .
You would never be able to live down to your reputation , but I see you're doing your best .
You have an inferiority complex and it is fully justified .
Your mind isn't so much twisted as badly sprained .
You should do some soul searching . You might just find one .
You're a habit I'd like to kick with both feet .
What's wrong , don't you get any attention back home ?
She's the first in her family born without tail .
What he is lacking in intelligence , he more than makes up for in stupidity .
People would follow him anywhere , but only out of morbid curiosity .
If you were twice as smart as you are now , you'd be absolutely stupid .
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance .
I'm impressed , I've never met such a small mind inside such a big head before .
I've come across rotting bodies that are less offensive than you are .
Pardon me , but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a damn .
That man is cruelly depriving a village somewhere of an idiot .
I know you are nobody's fool , but maybe someone will adopt you one day .
You're just jealous because the voices only talk to me .
Earth is the insane asylum for the universe .
I used to think that you were a colossal pain in the neck . Now I have a much lower opinion of you .
I would have liked to insult you , but the sad truth is that you wouldn't understand me .
It is as bad as you think and they are out to get you .
I'd like to see things from your point of view , but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass .
I don't suffer from insanity , I enjoy every minute of it .
I don't mind you talking so much , as long as you don't mind me not listening .
I can tell that you are lying , your lips are moving .
I don't know what makes you so dumb but it really works .
I don't think you are a fool , but what's my opinion compared to that of thousands of others .
I work hard because millions on welfare depend on me !
Don't take life too seriously , you won't get out alive .
Are you always this stupid or are you making a special effort today .
Love your enemies .. it pisses them off .
The human race is lucky I'm a nice guy , otherwise only 1/4 of them would be alive right now .
Do you want me to accept you as you are , or do you want me to lie to myself and try to like you ?
A paper should be like a mini skirt long enough to cover everything , but short enough to keep it interesting .
Don't thank me for insulting you , it was a pleasure .
Don't let your mind wander , it's far too small to be let out on its own .
He always finds himself lost in thought it's unfamiliar territory .
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do .
This is an excellent time for you to become a missing person .
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense .
I'm not crazy , my reality is just different than yours .
When I look into your eyes , I see straight through to the back of your head .
A sharp tongue does not mean you have a keen mind .
Learn from your parents' mistakes , use birth control !
Now we know why some animals eat their own children .
If we killed everybody who hates you , it wouldn't be murder it would be an apocalypse !
It's a catastrophic success .
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives .
How do you feel about women's rights ? I like either side of them .
If you find it hard to laugh at yourself, I would be happy to do it for you .
Marriage is the chief cause of divorce .
I never forget a face , but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception .
I find television very educating . Every time somebody turns on the set , I go into the other room and read a book .
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening , but this wasn't it .
He has no enemies , but is intensely disliked by his friends .
Some cause happiness wherever they go others whenever they go .
Honesty is the best policy when there is money in it .
It is not necesssary to understand things in order to argue about them .
Calamities are of two kinds misfortunes to ourselves , and good fortune to others .
Love a temporary insanity , curable by marriage .
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them .
I wish we were better strangers .
We didn't lose the game we just ran out of time .
How can you find a blind man at a nudist camp ? It’s not hard .
Thought about getting a tattoo of a short fat woman on my boob so when I am 60 one of us will be tall and skinny !!!
Did you ever wonder why hemorrhoids aren’t called asteroids ?
You want me to trust you completely ? I used to have complete trust in my farts , and then one day I ended up covered in shit .
The grass is always greener on the other side is directly proportional to the amount of bullshit you will find there !!!
Everybody says shit happens , but don’t you hate it when there is no toilet paper !!!
Hm-mm never say never ? Sorry , but you just said it twice
I tried to send you something sexy , but the mailman told me to get out of the mailbox .
I just cleaned out my Facebook friends list . Congratulations if you are reading this ! I still like you ! 
If someone throws a stone at you , throw a flower at them . But remember to throw the flower pot with it .
DAMN IT"S COLD !! What happened to global warming ? 
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry . They tease each other , knock each other down , irritate each other , hate each other but can't live without each other .
When life gives you questions , Google has answers !
I want to say thank you to all the people who walked into my life and made it outstanding and all the people who walked out of my life and made it fantastic ! 
wants to live in a world where money grows on trees , the house cleans itself , weather is always perfect and eating ice cream will make you lose weight .
life is too short ... smile while you still have teeth !
Don't steal , don't lie and don't cheat . The government hates competition !
Man may have invented fire , but women learnt how to play with it ! ;)
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and differences and still finds you absolutely amazing .
Everything in life happens for a reason so live it , learn it , and love it . Use your smile to change the world , don't let the world change your smile !
Don't wait for the perfect moment . Take the moment and make it perfect .
It's tough when someone special starts to ignore you , it's even tougher to pretend that you don't mind . 
One of the best things in life is seeing a smile on a persons face and knowing that you put it there . 
Everything happens for a reason , live it , love it , learn from it !
I wish I could give you my pain , just for one moment . Not to hurt you but rather so you can finally understand how much you hurt me .
In life there are two certainties : You'll never get everything you want , and you'll never want everything you get .
When u truly care for someone , their mistakes never changes our feelings because it is the mind that gets angry but the heart still cares .
Serendipity . Look for something , find something else , and realize that what you've found is more suited to your needs than what you thought you were looking for
Silence and smile are two powerful words . Smile is the way to solve many problems and Silence is the way to avoid many problems
life is too short , laugh when u can , apologize when u should , and let go of what u cant change , Love deeply and forgive quickly .
When you really matter to someone , that person will always make time for you . No excuses , no lies , and no broken promises .
My smile doesn't always mean I'm happy . Sometimes it means I can manage , but sometimes it just means I'm tired of crying .
Don't worry about what people think of you because in the end it only matters what GOD thinks of you .
A SPECIAL friend is hard to FIND .
If people are trying to pull you down . Be proud about it , because it only confirms that you are above them .
God puts people in your life for a reason , and removes them from your life for a better reason .
I will never be perfect , but I will always be unique :)
The best feeling in the world is when you KNOW your heart is smiling :)
we don't always get what we want - sometimes , we get something better :)
be yourself , don't change 4 anyone ... if they don't like you at your worst , then they don't deserve you at your best !!
tommorrow is not promised dont worry about yesterday , just stay centered on today
Eyes have the capacity to express what words just fall short . the language of the soul .
Silence is the best answer for all questions
A beautiful year is waiting for you
When u look at me , i get butterflies ! When u smile at me , it makes me crush on u even more <3
DON'T make decisions when you're angry
If you don't thank GOD for every smile , then you have no right to complain about every tear .
Communism is like prohibition its a good idea , but it wont work .
Love and the gentle heart are but the same thing .
Decided to burn lots of calories today so I set a fat kid on fire !
Love is a beautiful dream .
There’s three ways to do things . The right way , the wrong way and the way I want it done .
Don’t just wait . Make it happen .
Always remember that you are unique , just like everyone else .
You can’t be late until you show up .
People who like to judge and throw accusations around are really just trying hard to cover up their own issues and insecurities .
Relationships do not need promises , terms , and conditions . It just needs two wonderful people , one who can trust and one who can understand .
Through dreams we enter a world that is entirely our own .
The greatest gift you can give to a special someone is your TIME . Its like you’re giving the portion of your life that you can never bring back .
Remember the five simple rules to be happy , Free your heart from hatred . Free your mind from worries . Live simply . Give more . Expect less .
A conscience is what hurts when all of your other parts feel so good .
Haters are not born , they are made .
The past was never a mistake if you learned from it .
Only by going too far can one possibly find out how far one can go .
Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude . My personality is who I am , and my attitude depends on who you are .
There are two kinds of secrets . Those we keep from others . And those we hide from ourselves .
The thought of being with you tomorrow gives me the strength to go on today .
True love is when you cant describe in words what you like about him .
What you get in life is what you have the courage to ask for .
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do .
Nobody knows his true power until he uses them
True patriot speaks the truth even in his country
Marriage is the first stage of civilized society
The welfare of the nation is the highest law
Only free nation has national characteristics
Freedom is an illusion if it’s not for everyone
Not due patience , but due to anxiety nations reach freedom
Honorable is the life lived for others
Death is in front of us and everything belongs to death
One of the most terrible losses is the loss of time
Society is a wave . The wave moves onward , but the water of which it is composed does not
Where honesty ends , loneliness begins
I’ve been watching most people going forward while the rest were standing on the same place
Don’t copy anything if you want to create something remarkable
Leadership is something that should be brought up
When the game is over, the king and the pawn go into the same box
Often , the law allows what honor does not allow
The more we judge , the less we love
One can’t be too picky in choosing his enemies
Permanent success is always suspicious
The most painful form of poverty is a poverty among luxury
Distrust is the cause of most of our failures
When getting older , habits become tyrants
Disease is the payment for sins
The most difficult thing is to live simply
Remember us and we won’t lose anything when leaving life
Crazies pave the way the smart will walk by
Knowledge is a treasury , but the key to it is the practice
Miserable people love talking about themselves. Significant minds never discuss themselves
The greatness of a country is determined by the greatness of its citizens
Independence of thoughts is the highest aristocracy
At all times , careful people were much privileged than imprudent ones
One of the most common delusions is to take the result for inevitable consequence
Of all living beings only human does not know what is useful for him
Proud man is seldom a grateful man , he is always convinced that he gets less than deserves
Skepticism is the system of the lazy
Reputation and name is everything otherwise Napoleon would not conquer almost half the world to get a great name
Ability to blush is the most typical of all human qualities
There’s no other world for a human being but the society
War can’t be avoided , it can be only delayed to the benefit of your opponent
Appearance of democracy is more important than the democracy itself
Archaeologists will dug out the history buried by the politicians
Those who don’t love their country , are not capable to love anything
Human virtue largely depends on the circumstances surrounding it
Public freedom is nothing more than observance of social laws
Commonly we value the freedom that was difficult to obtain
You can get used to hatred , but you can never get used to love
The worst thing in the world is justice without mercy
When history speaks , individuals should keep silence
Even hatred is not as dangerous for the lord , as public contempt
History is a novel that happened , novel is a story that could happen
History of the mankind is mostly history of ideas
Nation that can be saved by one person deserves no mercy
When something is done out of necessity you can’t find any joy there
Colonies do not cease to be colonies because they gained independence
Those who admire other people’s virtues , indeed possess many virtues
Many people are honest because of the fear not dignity
Nation has its own soul , its spiritual source
At the heart of every man is a miniature portrait of his nation
Every epoch has its own problems , the solutions of which is the progress of the humanity
Government forgets its promises , people remember everything
Anxiety is dissatisfaction and dissatisfaction is the first condition of the progress
Each generation makes fun of the old fashions and follows the new one
National enthusiasm is a grand cradle of genius
No danger can be avoided without undertaking other risks
Small streams cross the same way as big rivers
Human’s value is in serving the society
Humanity can die from the madness of it’s citizens
The ability to forget is very strong among individuals and even more in civil societies
The history of all the existing societies was the history of fights between classes
The man has a value to society only to the extent , in because he served it
We think that our civilization is about to end but in fact the sun has just arisen
Everything changes as there’s nothing constant in this world
To forgive means to move forward
Faith give us the desired destiny when we have learned cope without it
Leave your past and be grateful for what you have now
Noble heart will always get the reward it deserves
When people want to leave you , let them go . Destiny eliminates useless people
I used to think people get older gradually . Now I know they get older due to certain circumstances
We often regret for being silent even knowing what to say
Throne it is a chair simply upholstered in velvet
Do your favorite thing . Find your true passion and change the world for the better
The best gift for a girl on March 8 is the present from her beloved .
Shaw is like the Venus of Milo ; all that there is of him is admirable .
Do not look back and ask why , look forward and ask , why not ?
The worst thing I could be , is the same as everybody else . I’d hate that .
Close your eyes for a second . Imagine the body of your dreams . Now open your eyes and get after it .
There is no heaven like mutual love .
I speak my mind . I never mind what I speak .
Through dreams we enter a world that is entirely our own .
The past was never a mistake if you learned from it .
Love the heart that hurts you but never the heart that loves you .
If youre willing to chase me , I promise to run slow .
I know its not Christmas , but Santa's lap is always ready .
When people say life is short . What the hell ??? Life is the longest damn thing anyone ever does !!! What can you do thats longer ?
Tomorrow is a new day to be someone you are proud of . Be positive . Have faith . And ALWAYS keep going .
When you hit bottom , the only place left to go is up .
Put no limit on your limitations , all goals can be achieved if only you believe in yourself .
